In the last lecture we learn something crucial.
We learned how to bind to our own properties with at input parentheses in front of it.
Super important.
Now you can even configure it as a bit more.
Sometimes you don't want to use the same property outside of the component as you use inside of it.
So inside this component you might say element is exactly the property name I want to use because it
makes the most sense but outside so here you maybe don't want to blind to element.
Maybe you want to bind to as Arvi element to make clear as a server element anything like that.
Now that would of course not work because now you would try to bind to a property angle or doesn't know
that it would be buyable.
Because there is no server element property in this component with an input in front of it.
You can assign an alias.
You can pass an argument to an input with the property name as you want to have it.
Outside of this component.
So as Arvie element could be added here and now from the outside.
So from the component where you implement this component you now have to target s r v element if you
want to bind to this property element will no longer work.
It has to be s r v element now which is why now with these two places changed in the component and in
the server element component we see the same as before but now binding for the alius.
And just again to be really sure to make this really clear.
Now you have to use as we element Element will no longer work.
So that's a little bonus a little alternative in case you want to bind to some other property name outside
of the component.
This is how you assign an alias